joining us now in New York is Rachel
crow
thanks for being here thank you for
having me no tell me about making an
animated movie because it seems like you
could be by yourself doing a voice but
you also have some pretty amazing
co-stars in this movie so did you work
with them or what's it like that's a
really good question actually I never
get asked that and you are by yourself
in a huge soundstage now hopefully on
the press tour you'll get better
acquainted with some of your other
co-stars like yeah hacked away Jesse
Eisenberg who's gonna be a star-studded
I look up to Ann Hathaway and I love
Jesse Eisenberg I think he's hilarious
and I'm actually in a song with Jamie
Foxx at the end of the movie and I
haven't met him yet
because funny enough he did his singing
part here in New York for you where did
you come from your character in Rio 2 is
named Carla what can you tell us about
her she's very precocious and she's got
a very big personality she's larger than
life and her eyes are really big and
she's just always has little headphones
in and she's just really a happy
character you of course sort of got your
start on The X Factor are you still in
touch with anybody from your work on
that show
most definitely um if you remember drew
rhino it's she is my best friend to this
day we've been through a lot together
and we text all hours of the day and and
she's just hilarious and she's one of my
best friends how about the judges
actually I haven't seen some of the
judges for a very long time so it's
funny because you know just sort of
tuning into like second and third season
I really liked Alex and Sierra so that's
really cool and the x-factor was just
unfortunately cancelled so how did you
react when you heard that news yeah I
mean I was sad definitely but I think
it's cool cos Simon I heard is going
back to the UK for x-factor and I think
that'll be good well thank you so much
for being here
no thank you for having me and briault
too will be in theaters on April 11th